This illustrates some "leakage" between one of our stimulus variables,
"displacement", and the motion energy of the stimulus. Our intention
is that motion energy is controlled by the parameter "direction
content" but as this demonstrates, the motion energy is also affected
by constructive or destructive interference between successive
presentations of motion elements.

The motion energy is calculated by reconstructing the stimulus and
filtering them in a usual motion-energy (Adelson and Bergen 1985.) The
filters have spatial bandwidth matched to published psychophysical
data for human subjects at the same eccentricities (Anderson and Burr,
1987; Banks et al, 1991), and temporal bandwidth matched to
measurements of MT cell physiology. Temporal bandwidth does not change
appreciably with eccentricity (Virsu et al., 1982; Wright and
Johnston, 1983). The temporal filters we use here are the same as have
been used before for reconstructing motion energy of stimuli (Kiani et
al. 2008.)

The demo movie [deltax.mov] shows the motion energy changing as a
function of displacement. At top is a space-time diagram of the
stimulus being reconstructed (where the horizontal axis is a transect
around the circle where the stimulus is located. At left is a Fourier
spectrum of the stimulus, overlaid with the FWHM outlines of the
analysis filters being used. At right are the magnitudes of responses
of "clockwise" and "counterclockwise" versions of the
filters. Scrubbing the movie should show you how these responses
change as a function of the displacement parameter.

The file [motion_energy_plot.pdf] shows a computation of motion energy over
two parameters, direction content and spacing. The first page shows
energy as a function of direction content, stratified by
displacement. The two subplots at the bottom are the most interesting,
showing opponent motion energy (clockwise minus counterclockwise) and
normalized opponent motion energy (cw-ccw)/(cw+ccw). would like energy to be
purely related to direction content, but it isn't and the lines are
noisy. However, the relationship between direction content and motion
energy is at least simple -- for any particular displacement, motion
energy changes monotonically with direction content.

The second page shows the same data as a function of
displacement. Here we see that there is a dependence of direction
content on displacement, at smaller values of displacement. Note that
the effect, for our particular stimuli, is *inverted* from the normal
situation -- small clockwise displacements bias motion energy
counterclockwise, and vice versa.

The files [norm_energy.html] and [energy.html] show 3d plots of the
same data. Here color is mapped to motion energy.

The presence of motion energy dependent on displacement may explain
some features of the dataset such as why for some subjects (e.g. JB),
the slope of the psychometric function of displacement does not
collapse to zero at small spacings. These same subjects appear to have
strong induced-motion effects, which (taking into account the backward
relation of motion energy to displacement) would "help" them pick the
correct direction of displacement.
